.agent/skills/skill-enhancer/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: skill-enhancer
description: Use when you need to audit, fix, or improve an existing agent skill to meet Gold Standard compliance.
tier: 2
version: 1.0
---
# Skill Enhancer

**Purpose**: This meta-skill analyzes other skills for compliance with TDD and CSO standards and guides the agent through upgrading them.

## 1. Red Flags (Anti-Rationalization)
**STOP and READ THIS if you are thinking:**
- "I'll just add the sections blindly" -> **WRONG**. You must understand *why* the skill fails before fixing it.
- "The description is close enough" -> **WRONG**. It must start with "Use when".
- "Examples are optional" -> **WRONG**. "Rich Skills" mandate examples.
- "It's just a small 20-line example" -> **WRONG**. Inline blocks > 12 lines are prohibited. Extract them.

## 2. Capabilities
- **Audit**: Detect gaps (missing Red Flags, inline blocks > 12 lines, poor CSO) using `analyze_gaps.py`.
- **Plan**: Propose specific content improvements using `resources/refactoring_patterns.md`.
- **Execute**: Apply refactoring patterns to upgrade the skill.

## 3. Instructions

### Phase 1: Audit
1.  **Run Analyzer**: `python3 .agent/skills/skill-enhancer/scripts/analyze_gaps.py .agent/skills/<target-skill>`.
2.  **Review Gaps**: Read the output. If Gaps found, proceed to Phase 2.

### Phase 2: Plan
1.  **Read Target Skill**: Read the content of the target skill.
2.  **Draft Improvements**:
    *   *Token Efficiency*: Identify blocks > 12 lines and plan extraction to `examples/`.
    *   *Red Flags*: Identify 2-3 likely agent excuses for *this specific task*.
    *   *Rat. Table*: Create counter-arguments.
    *   *CSO*: Rewrite description to "Use when [TRIGGER]...".
3.  **Confirm**: Ensure improvements align with the "Skills as Code" philosophy.

### Phase 3: Execute
1.  **Update File**: Edit the target `SKILL.md` to insert the new sections.
    *   **CRITICAL**: Use `replace_file_content` or `multi_replace_file_content`.
    *   **DO NOT** use `write_to_file` to overwrite existing content (Data Loss Risk).
    *   *Tip*: Use `resources/refactoring_patterns.md` (Coming in Iteration 2) for style guide.
2.  **Verify**: Re-run `analyze_gaps.py`. Expect output "No Gaps Found".

### Phase 4: Final VDD Check
1.  **Read Checklist**: Open `resources/vdd_checklist.md`.
2.  **Self-Correction**: Verify your work against the 5 criteria (Data Safety, Anti-Laziness, etc.).
3.  **Refine**: If any check fails (e.g., found "TODO"), fix it immediately.

## 4. Best Practices

| DO THIS | DO NOT DO THIS |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Specific Red Flags**: "Don't skip tests" | **Generic Red Flags**: "Don't be lazy" |
| **Trigger-Based Desc**: "Use when debugging race conditions" | **Summary Desc**: "Guide for debugging" |

### Rationalization Table
| Agent Excuse | Reality / Counter-Argument |
| :--- | :--- |
| "The skill is too simple for Red Flags" | Simple skills are skipped most often. Explicit rules prevent this. |
| "I don't have time to write examples" | Examples save time by preventing hallucinations later. |

## 5. Examples (Few-Shot)
> [!TIP]
> See `examples/usage_example.md` for a complete **Before & After** walkthrough of upgrading a legacy skill.

**Input:**
```bash
python3 .agent/skills/skill-enhancer/scripts/analyze_gaps.py .agent/skills/target-skill
```

**Output:**
```text
⚠️  Gaps Detected...
Recommendation: Run 'Execute Improvement Plan'...
```

## 6. Resources
- `scripts/analyze_gaps.py`: The gap detection tool.

Commit message:

skill-creator and skill-enhancer refinement

.agent/skills/skill-enhancer/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: skill-enhancer
description: Use when you need to audit, fix, or improve an existing agent skill to meet Gold Standard compliance.
tier: 2
version: 1.1
---
# Skill Enhancer

**Purpose**: This meta-skill analyzes other skills for compliance with TDD, CSO, and Script-First standards, guiding the agent through upgrades.

## 1. Red Flags (Anti-Rationalization)
**STOP and READ THIS if you are thinking:**
- "I'll just add the sections blindly" -> **WRONG**. You must understand *why* the skill fails before fixing it.
- "The description is close enough" -> **WRONG**. It must start with "Use when".
- "Examples are optional" -> **WRONG**. "Rich Skills" mandate examples.
- "It's just a small 20-line example" -> **WRONG**. Inline blocks > 12 lines are prohibited. Extract them.
- "I'll instruct the agent to parse the file line-by-line in text" -> **WRONG**. Use "Script-First".

## 2. Capabilities
- **Audit**: Detect gaps (missing Red Flags, inline blocks > 12 lines, poor CSO, weak language) using `analyze_gaps.py`.
- **Plan**: Propose specific content improvements using `resources/refactoring_patterns.md`.
- **Execute**: Apply refactoring patterns to upgrade the skill.

## 3. Instructions

### Phase 1: Audit
1.  **Run Analyzer**: `python3 scripts/analyze_gaps.py <target-skill-path>`.
2.  **Manual Checks**:
    *   **Weak Language**: Does it use "should", "can", "try"? (Must be "MUST", "EXECUTE").
    *   **Script-First Gap**: Identify if complex logic steps (> 5 lines of text) **MUST** be converted to a `script/`.
3.  **Review Gaps**: Read the analyzer output and your manual findings.

### Phase 2: Plan
1.  **Read Target Skill**: Read the content of the target skill.
2.  **Draft Improvements**:
    *   *Token Efficiency*: Identify blocks > 12 lines and plan extraction to `examples/`.
    *   *Script-First*: Identify logic blocks > 5 lines and plan extraction to `scripts/`.
    *   *Anti-Laziness*: Replace weak words with strong imperatives.
    *   *Red Flags*: Identify 2-3 likely agent excuses for *this specific task*.
    *   *CSO*: Rewrite description to "Use when [TRIGGER]...".
3.  **Confirm**: Ensure improvements align with the "Skills as Code" philosophy.

### Phase 3: Execute
1.  **Update File**: Edit the target `SKILL.md` to insert the new sections.
    *   **CRITICAL**: Use `replace_file_content` or `multi_replace_file_content`.
    *   **DO NOT** use `write_to_file` to overwrite existing content (Data Loss Risk).
    *   *Tip*: Use `resources/refactoring_patterns.md` (Coming in Iteration 2) for style guide.
2.  **Verify**: Re-run `analyze_gaps.py`. Expect output "No Gaps Found".

### Phase 4: Final VDD Check
1.  **Read Checklist**: Open `resources/vdd_checklist.md`.
2.  **Self-Correction**: Verify your work against the 5 criteria (Data Safety, Anti-Laziness, etc.).
3.  **Refine**: If any check fails (e.g., found "TODO", found "should"), fix it immediately.

## 4. Best Practices

| DO THIS | DO NOT DO THIS |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Specific Red Flags**: "Don't skip tests" | **Generic Red Flags**: "Don't be lazy" |
| **Trigger-Based Desc**: "Use when debugging race conditions" | **Summary Desc**: "Guide for debugging" |
| **Strong Verbs**: "MUST", "EXECUTE", "VERIFY" | **Weak Verbs**: "should", "consider", "try" |

### Rationalization Table
| Agent Excuse | Reality / Counter-Argument |
| :--- | :--- |
| "The skill is too simple for Red Flags" | Simple skills are skipped most often. Explicit rules prevent this. |
| "I don't have time to write examples" | Examples save time by preventing hallucinations later. |
| "It's easier to write logic in text" | Text logic is unreliable. Scripts are deterministic. |

## 5. Examples (Few-Shot)
> [!TIP]
> See `examples/usage_example.md` for a complete **Before & After** walkthrough of upgrading a legacy skill.

**Input:**
```bash
python3 scripts/analyze_gaps.py ../target-skill
```

**Output:**
```text
⚠️  Gaps Detected...
Recommendation: Run 'Execute Improvement Plan'...
```

## 6. Resources
- `scripts/analyze_gaps.py`: The gap detection tool.
- `resources/writing_skills_best_practices_anthropic.md`: The authoritative "Gold Standard" guide used to verify compliance.
- `resources/testing-skills-with-subagents.md`: Methodology for verifying fixes using TDD (Red-Green-Refactor).
